_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "Hello, I'm Jeffrey. "
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---



![](/images/millenium-falcon.JPEG){: .align-right width="350px"}


I am a Ph.D. Candidate in the Systems Control Group at University of Toronto, where I also completed my B.A.Sc. (with Honours) and M.A.Sc. in 2020 and 2022, respectively. My thesis is in data-driven control theory; specifically, I am developing low-gain controllers to solve the disturbance rejection problem in unknown linear time-invariant systems using frequency response and input-output data. I am supervised by [Prof. John W. Simpson-Porco](https://www.control.utoronto.ca/~jwsimpson/) for my Ph.D. and M.A.Sc., and proud to be a recipient of the [NSERC PGS-D](https://www.nserc-crsng.gc.ca/Students-Etudiants/PG-CS/BellandPostgrad-BelletSuperieures_eng.asp), [OGS](https://www.sgs.utoronto.ca/awards/ontario-graduate-scholarship/), [QEII-GSST](https://osap.gov.on.ca/OSAPPortal/en/A-ZListofAid/PRDR019236.html) and the [Hatch Graduate Scholarship for Sustainable Energy Research](https://energy.utoronto.ca/). 

Previously, I worked on the [AC power flow problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Power-flow_study) from 2019 to 2022. I worked with [Prof. Zeb Tate](https://www.ece.utoronto.ca/people/tate-j/) to develope [convolutional neural networks to accelerate the Newton-Raphson power flow computations](https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.09342) in my undergrad, and I later developed a more rigorous [fixed-point algorithm to solve the AC power flow problem](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/10156226) during my master's. 

<!-- Besides my interest in control theory and mathematical optimization, I am also actively exploring and learning about topics in deep reinforcement learning, operations research, renewable energy market and quantitative finance. Outside work, I am an experienced amateur violinist of 20+ years (my favorite works are written by [Mahler](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oi6ZjkXFlcU) and [Bach](https://youtu.be/vhOaS_Cy8_8?si=TNHShy0LIqunDOaa)), an avid reader (but in all honesty, really a [book hoarder](https://www.booksalefinder.com/utgeneral.html)), and I am working on achieving my [fitness goals](https://ljchen.github.io/posts/fitness-goals.html) by 2027.  -->

Thank you for visiting my website and please get in touch at liangjie dot chen at mail dot utoronto dot ca if you have any questions or would like a chat!

Commit message:

update about + add cv/resume

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "Hi, I'm Jeffrey. "
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---


I am a Ph.D. Candidate in the Systems Control Group at University of Toronto, where I also completed my B.A.Sc. (with Honours) and M.A.Sc. in 2020 and 2022, respectively. My thesis is in data-driven control theory; specifically, I am developing low-gain controllers to solve the disturbance rejection problem in unknown linear time-invariant systems using frequency response and input-output data. 

My work is supervised by [Prof. John W. Simpson-Porco](https://www.control.utoronto.ca/~jwsimpson/) for my Ph.D. and M.A.Sc., and I am proud to be a recipient of the [NSERC PGS-D](https://www.nserc-crsng.gc.ca/Students-Etudiants/PG-CS/BellandPostgrad-BelletSuperieures_eng.asp), [OGS](https://www.sgs.utoronto.ca/awards/ontario-graduate-scholarship/), [QEII-GSST](https://osap.gov.on.ca/OSAPPortal/en/A-ZListofAid/PRDR019236.html) and the [Hatch Graduate Scholarship for Sustainable Energy Research](https://energy.utoronto.ca/). 

Previously, I worked on the [AC power flow problem](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Power-flow_study) from 2019 to 2022. I worked with [Prof. Zeb Tate](https://www.ece.utoronto.ca/people/tate-j/) to develop [convolutional neural networks to accelerate the Newton-Raphson power flow computations](https://arxiv.org/abs/2004.09342) in my undergrad, and I later developed a more rigorous [fixed-point algorithm](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/abstract/document/10156226) to solve the AC power flow problem during my master's. In addition to my research work, I am also actively exploring and learning about topics in deep reinforcement learning, operations research, renewable energy market and quantitative finance. 

<!-- Outside work, I am an experienced amateur violinist of 20+ years (my favorite works are written by [Mahler](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Oi6ZjkXFlcU) and [Bach](https://youtu.be/vhOaS_Cy8_8?si=TNHShy0LIqunDOaa)), an avid reader (but in all honesty, really a [book hoarder](https://www.booksalefinder.com/utgeneral.html)), and I am working on achieving my [fitness goals](https://ljchen.github.io/posts/fitness-goals.html) by 2027.  -->

Thank you for visiting my website, and please get in touch at liangjie dot chen at mail dot utoronto dot ca if you have any questions or would like a chat! 


[[CV]](https://ljchen.ca/files/cv.pdf)[[Resume]](https://ljchen.ca/files/resume.pdf)
